Christmas is coming and many people
he wants to lose those little books
our guest today doctor john
ribera tells us about two new
acetone natural supplements
raspberry and green coffee extract
who claim to be very effective in
battle against overweight how are you
hello how are we thank you welcome
nation to see tell me why the coffee
green that is the coffee warning is the
raw coffee fresh from the bush
the green coffee before it burns
because it has an antioxidant that
called chlorogenic acid
that what it turns out to do is that
decreases the absorption of fat and sugar
at the level of the intestine and therefore the
people lose weight there is a study
omar that was done for 16 weeks where
the people who took this product
Green coffee extract lost about 16
pounds
and why coffee does not work anymore
processed normally that we take daily
in the same way what happens is that
when the grain burns loses that
antioxidant that low chlorogenic acid
very well now for example in the case of
the raspberry acetone is true that
it also helps to lose weight what is known
in English as the raspberry quito
or the acetone of the raspberry
it definitely helps what it does is
which increases a hormone in the body sea
which is called adiponectin which is the
hormone that makes our body
burn fat more effectively the dose
are 100 milligrams a day of acetone
of raspberry to see I do not know of dose
but I imagine this is for season
to begin what we get this
How many fruit would we have to eat to
can achieve that dose for example
too many we would have to eat so much and
so much raspberry that it would be impossible
get those 100 milligrams that
we needed to increase that hormone
that will help us burn more fat
efficiently and that's why it's
buy the supplement and in the case of
green coffee how can we also measure
that effect because I see that comes
concentrated but when we would have to
take in proportion so to speak
in terms of the extract
of green coffee are 400 milligrams three
times a day 30 minutes before each
breakfast lunch lunch and dinner is
very important that when they go to
get it they have to have so
minus 45 percent chlorogenic acid
and in the ingredients you should say and if it is
which means green confiante
occident or another antioxidant that
beto called SVT or is is natural that
is so they can buy the one that
it really works because they are going to
find a lot more something very
important that I want to clarify and I do not
selling these products had not been
Affiliated with any of the other wines
only so I recommend them because
I understand that they work together with a
diet and exercise obviously we can not
go eating for example pizzas and
burgers every day thinking that
these two supplements are going to help us
lose weight what good option I understand
that this coffee diet wanted it ice and
under all that was
awesome thank you very much for being
earrings I already have several are there
noting the data true later
including you do not become more
ahead